hello
and welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft the series where I teach
English while trying to beat Minecraft
and hopefully this video goes better
than the last video where I got impaled
by a stalagmite and died
oh
all right let's go
single player black dragons Flame
and now we're loading the world
respawn
all right oh no
oh no
[Music]
I forgot that I slept in this Village
so
instead of respawning at my house I
respawned here at the Village which is
really far away from my house
and I don't have a map
so
I have no way of getting back home
oh no
well I guess I'll start by collecting
some wood and searching these people's
houses to see if they have any materials
inside chests
do you have a chest
yes you do
paper
great
[Music]
do you have any chests no
chests no
but I will steal one of these beds
um but not a white bed
I want a bed that's a different color
any chests nope
do you have a chest nope all right I'll
take this blue bed
there we go
whoa
what
the snow is floating in the air
it's floating
do you have any chests
nope
all right well
[Applause]
I guess I'll start punching wood
all right it's night time
so I'll place my bed like this
and sleep
I'll pick up my bed
and continue punching wood
all right
nope another wood up there
and I'll plant this sapling so the tree
will regrow
hello iron golem
all right
now I'll turn all of this wood
into
wooden planks
like that I'll build a crafting table
with one two three four wood
all right
I'll place it and now
I'll build
some sticks
and I'll build
a wooden pickaxe
now I'm going to search for some Stone
aha Stone
and I'll start collecting some Stone
so I can build stone tools
oh there's a cat up there swimming in
the water
[Music]
all right now I have 22 stone so I'm
going to throw this pickaxe in the
waterfall like that
because I don't need it anymore
all right
crafting table
so now I've built some of the different
stone tools a stone pickaxe ax and sword
and I accidentally built a wooden shovel
all right
oh and I also built
a boat
because I'm going to continue my search
for the Cherry Grove biome
I think that before I went this way
so
this time I'm going to go
this way towards the forest
let's go
I'm going to kill some of these animals
because I'm going to need the meat to
eat
sorry cow
[Music]
oh
no
[Music]
all right
I have 12 beef and three pork chop
that should be enough for now
all right into the forest
a river
that means I can place my boat and begin
sailing
let's see boat
and let's Sail
all right time to get out of the boat
and I'll pick it up
and continue searching on land
but first I need to eat
let's see
I'll place my crafting table and build a
furnace
and now
with the furnace I will
cook
the beef
with wood using wood as fuel
so now I have to wait for this meat to
cook in the furnace
I think that that is the mountain that I
died trying to climb
so I'm not going to try climbing that
mountain again
there's a b
flying up there
[Music]
all right
I'm going to eat this steak
the sun's going down
I guess I'll place my bed
and go to sleep
come on
it's almost night
there we go
all right morning
[Music]
morning
and all of the steak is finished cooking
there we go
I will break the furnace and break the
crafting table
and the bed
now let's continue our search
whoa
that is a huge cave
there are huge mountains over there
those mountains are huge
all right I'll swim across the river
whoa
oh my goodness
I can see some lava and some water over
there
right next to each other
and a frozen River
which means
that I can travel by boat really fast
like this
in the boat
oh oh no no no no no no die
oh oh run run
I left my boat behind
whoa
okay I'm running away
run run run run run
that was a lot of enemies
it's still chasing me
[Music]
I'm going to quickly
place my crafting table
and build a boat no no no no no no no no
what what are you doing what are you
doing there we go Boat Boat
die
oh wow that was close
place my boat
and sail away
[Music]
foreign
it's another Village
another Snow Village
I'll check it out
any chests
any chests oh
an empty map okay
I could use a map because
I have no idea where I am
let's see
ah all right
cool so I am right there
oh
chests no any chests Yes red
awesome
okay
well let's continue
it doesn't look like any of the crops
are ready to be harvested
all right let's climb up
okay
finally land that's not covered in snow
over there
I'm going to go that way
but first
the Sun is going down so I'm going to
sleep
morning
pick up my bed
and let's continue
oh
polar bear is
I know how dangerous polar bears are
polar bears
oh oh geez all right boats and let's
start sailing
and once again
it's ocean as far as I can see
ocean ocean
there's lots of seaweed down there
dolphins
hello dolphins
[Music]
do you hear the Dolphins
oh
look at that
it's a mushroom biome
whoa
I'm going over there to check out the
mushroom biome
it's not a Cherry Grove but it's still
really cool
mushrooms
all right I'm getting out of the boat
mushrooms are like cows
except
they're red
and they have mushrooms growing from
their backs
see
mushroom mushroom mushroom they have
mushrooms growing from their backs
wow
and there are giant mushrooms
whoa
another Island over there
where's my boat there it is
all right
goodbye mushroom biome
time to find a Cherry Grove biome
I'll go this way towards the other
Mushroom Island
okay
whoa what is that
what is that
that is huge
wow but it's not a Cherry Grove biome
oh
the dolphin jumped out of the water
foreign
's going down
sunset
pretty soon it'll be night time
the Moon is coming up
but I'm going to continue searching for
the Cherry Grove biome
because I've been searching for it for
three videos now
I need to find it I'm not ending this
video until I find the Cherry Grove
biome
when I started searching for the Cherry
Grove I thought it would be easy to find
I didn't think it was going to be this
hard
maybe I don't have any Cherry Groves in
this world
oh
and it's raining
brain
three hours later up up up up
a b
oh
I saw these pink flowers and I got
excited because I thought it was a
cherry blossom biome
we'll continue searching
coal
jump oh
[Music]
what was that
that was a weird sound but look
I found the cherry blossom biome
oh
yes
finally
I finally found the Cherry Grove biome
wow with the pink trees
all right
I'm going to end this video right here
and
oh I heard a zombie close by
anyways I'm going to end this video
right here and in the next video I'll
explore this Cherry Grove biome
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video
there we go if you liked this video like
And subscribe and I will see you in the
next video see ya